Tornadoes are impossible
The factory location was screened at the beginning
At least thousands of miles away from the bag
Absolutely no tornado impossible
Xiaoqiang
We are at a 1,000-year-old international mine
Encountered a mega volcanic eruption
We are Pangshan
The whole thing was buried by Kobelco
Suspense ore
No fire deaths
What an international joke
that
It's a dead river mountain that hasn't been distributed for thousands of years
How could it break out today?
It won't be this for just a few minutes.
It's a tornado, it's a volcano.
Do you two take me, Brother Lu Zhao, as a fool?
I think you were bought by this trash
It's not that I don't know.
Come and catch this man with bad intentions
Long distance makes you stick to your integrity
You leave it behind
Now the unicorn is only slightly angry
It has hurt your Lu family's vitality
Are you sure you don't want to repent?
Let my Lu family's vitality be greatly damaged
With your mouth
I will cut off the head of this broken unicorn now
Completely tear apart your tomorrow Dali, you stop
Now I will also tear up the engagement
I will also behead this broken Jilin
What can you do with me?
What about natural danger?
Kirin Three Wrath
Soul Flute Soul Powder
Huangquan does not cross
Dragon will understand first
What am I still pretending to do?
Let me go if I can
Come at me if you have any reason
Grandpa